NATO Parliamentary Assembly declares Russia to be a ‘terrorist state’
Fifa and Qatar in urgent talks after Wales rainbow hats confiscated | Fifa and the Qataris were in talks on the matter on Tuesday, where Fifa reminded their hosts of their assurances before the tournament that everyone was welcome and rainbow flags would be allowed.
Qatar Bans Beer Sales at World Cup Stadiums
Biden calls 'emergency' meeting after missile hits Poland
Germany to force plastic makers to help pay for cleanups
President Zelensky: Today is a historic day, we are regaining Kherson
Ukraine suffered a comms outage when 1,300 SpaceX satellite units went offline over funding issues
Protests against Xi and his zero covid policy broke out in Shanghai and other cities in China
Vladimir Putin's black belt revoked by international taekwondo organization
Queen Elizabeth II has died, Buckingham Palace announces
Macron wins French presidential election
Greenland permanently bans all oil and gas exploration
Climate activists fill golf holes with cement after water ban exemption
“Harshest Sanctions Ever,” EU to Freeze Russian Assets and Stop Russian Bank Access to EU Markets
Boris Johnson to resign as prime minister
Shell consultant quits, says company causes ‘extreme harm’ to planet
Spain makes it a crime for pro-lifers to harrass women outside abortion clinics
Canada to Ban Foreigners From Buying Homes as Prices Soar
News that the world's first commercial octopus farm is closer to becoming reality has been met with dismay by scientists and conservationists. They argue such intelligent "sentient" creatures - considered able to feel pain and emotions - should never be commercially reared for food.
Shinzo Abe, former Japanese prime minister, dies after being shot while giving speech, state broadcaster says
Liz Truss to resign as Prime Minister
UK: Russia needs to be isolated ‘completely, diplomatically and financially’
Best approach to buying a new mattress?
Almost half of Gen Z and millennials living paycheque-to-paycheque, global survey finds
Housing is never going to get any better.
Are you not annoyed that taxes are not built into price tags in Canada?
What is one thing that you consider to be an absolute waste of money?
Non-sufficient funds (NSF) fees are ludicrous and our government should have outlawed them years ago.
Why does anyone do food delivery?
My mom (60F) is still pressuring me (25F)to add me as a third person on her new $820k mortgage. I really don’t want to as my husband and I are looking to buy our own home. She states doing this will build my credit for a new mortgage down the line
Bank of Canada increases policy interest rate by 75 basis points, continues quantitative tightening
Bragging about RESP
The only person benefitting from you not discussing your wage with co-workers is your employer!
It's genuinely shocking to see how many people misunderstand income tax brackets
I (30F) caught my husband (31M) in an affair and I don’t know how to move forward.
I'm [28F] unsure if it's time to draw boundaries with my boyfriend [28M] and his coworker [late 20sF] who he got close to very quickly
Me [36 M] married to my Wife [36 F] 11 years, and I can't stop thinking about a girl I dated for 1 month 16 years ago.
My (28F) colleague (30F) didn't invite me to her wedding, and it's completely unravelled our friendship
My [26 F] with my husband [29 M] 1 year, he has been diagnosed with terminal cancer, how to make it count?
Husband and I are having our longest fight ever and I don't know what to do
I (26F) want to propose to my boyfriend (25M) but just found out he plans to propose as well
My (30F) husband (32M) impulse bought a dog.
I [29F] am traveling overseas to meet my online "boyfriend" [38M] in a week. He just said he had to cancel
My wife [28F] found out that my mother [59F] and I [28M] have been lying to her about our (me and my wife's) baby [0M] for months
United Airlines stock down over 5% premarket trading
Bitcoin was nearly $20,000 a year ago today
If in 2001, you bought $399 of Apple stock instead of buying the original iPod, today that stock would be worth ~$62,000.
Historically it's way better to invest at market close than at market open, most gains occur overnight
Jim Cramer Gave an Interview in 2006 on how the Hedge Funds Manipulate the Markets
Uber Fined $649 Million for Saying Drivers Aren’t Employees
TIL if you had bought EA stock after they were voted "The Worst Company in America" your investment would be up by more than 378% today
Long Island Ice Tea Corp, a beverage company, was up 500% premarket today after changing its name to Long Blockchain Corp, despite having no relation to blockchain in its business
By popular demand: official “I hate Robinhood and want a new broker thread”
Gamestop Big Picture: The Short Singularity Pt 3 - WTF edition
PSA: There's an extremely high quality MIT Finance course on Youtube by Andrew Lo, filmed during the height of the subprime mortgage crisis
